Bai Qian, you are really hard-hearted.
My parents and relatives don't want to care
Please let my mother go
Qianzi, save mom
Chiko
Zhenguo God General's Mansion is not something we can provoke
Stop being obsessed
Be obedient, admit your mistake and become a father, please
Do you have to pay for a wild man?
Give up on us for a journey?
Bai Qianzi
I understand now
It's easy for me to let them go
As long as you are obedient
You came alone on Monday night to let me succeed in revenge
I will naturally let them go
You really want to pay for a wild man
Let the whole white armor die?
You are so cruel
Bai Qianzi, you unfilial daughter
Can't you see what happened to your mother?
General Xu, please release my family
I can't do it except calculate Zhou Xiao
I can do other things.